hello again sexy and welcome to the
danger Department I don't let the name
are you nothing in here can help you in
any way at all no wait oh sorry
heard everything in here can help you in
many different ways object mines like a
tiger come on in don't be shy
remember what kills you makes you
stronger something like that what is
wrong with me today
old USAC folk are susceptible to four
core dangers these are fire electricity
plasma and horrible gas to begin we
shall consider fire electricity and
plasma so open your pocket and select
the tools bag choose one of the danger
tools with the action button now you can
apply this danger to a material using
the action button
say for example those blocks they're
liking - liking that Lots dosac bots
have been sent back into the imagined
fear for recycling nothing goes to waste
up here
now supposing you want to make a hazard
safe
the unli thil eyes tool is the weapon of
choice you can select it from the tools
bag just like any of the dangers simply
move your cursor over a hazard and press
the action button now is harmless
well mostly our rust it's still a
tripping hazard if things are moving too
fast when you want to interact with them
don't fret
simply pause the game with the app
button
did I make it clear
a lethal eyes sac part is totally
impervious to its own danger so for
example if a sac part has been set on
fire it can walk over fiery hazards use
the appropriate has a tool to help these
zach-bots reach the other side
and now the embarrassing subject of
horrible gas we all do it and it's a
hazard that really gets at the old noisy
wares literally horrible gas is also
found in the tools bag select the
horrible gas tool and move your cursor
over the desired material tap the action
button to turn it into a nostril
singeing vicious gas don't worry about
the sack bot it's not alive it's just an
automaton that doesn't think or feel but
like my old PE teacher
our gas has no real mass so objects will
just pass right through it unlike solid
walls I often get the two mixed up
oh the bruises try it out here
well that's hazards dealt with now you
know how to maim and kill like a pro but
not in a bad way I hope
lovely stuff onwards we go
you